# React, Redux, Webpack Template
This is to be a bare bones template for starting a project using React (UI framework), Webpack (build), and Redux (front end data/state management).

## Step by step guide from scratch

Command or action | Purpose
------------------|--------
install Node and npm | All front end building and testing tools will use Node.
`npm init` | Creates a package.json file for management of Node packages and other Javascript libraries. Note that package.json is also being used to manage front-end packages that do not run in Node. This is because we use Node packages to convert and optimise (build) them. 
`npm install webpack -g` | Webpack moularises all the Javascript according to the webpack.config file and generates one or more output file to be referenced in a script tag. This allows us to import and export modules in our front-end code in the same way we do for node packages. Webpack also provides a stack of action scripts that perform conversions of one file type into another. 
`npm install webpack-dev-server -g` | This server will serve the files at the location specified in the config file to a URL specified in the config file. It will also (by default) watch for changes in source files, execute the Webpack build scripts, and then keep the Javascript output (e.g. bundle.js) in memory.
`npm install --save react` | A UI (View) library by Facebook.
`npm install --save --redux` | A library that makes it really easy to implement a Flux architecture - For example it provides base class for a data Store, which is the critical element of a Flux architecture. With Redux there is only every one Store - possibly with many nested Reducers.
`npm install --save react-redux` | Adds React bindings to Redux.
`npm install --save-dev redux-devtools` | Hot reloading and time travel!


## Purpose and functionality of files and folders

File or folder | Purpose and functionality
---------------|--------------------------
package.json | Auto generated by `npm init` or manually created. Node package management master file for the project.

